{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margb1134\margt1417\vieww13100\viewh16380\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Title\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Bike crime in Berlin (2021-2022)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Group members\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
David Guilllet and Laurens Duin (FT-JAN-2023-BER)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Goal of the project
\f1\b0 \
\
The goal of this business intelligence (BI) project is to gain insights into bike crime in Berlin over the period 2021-2022. For example, where are most bikes stolen, what can we tell about the locations where they\'92re stolen from (any similarities) etc. Also the time aspect could be interesting.\
\

\f0\b Brief description of the dataset\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Link to the dataset on Kaggle: \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/michals22/berlin-bike-theft?resource=download&select=Berlin_bike_thief_file_for_analysis.csv\cf0 \ulnone \
Link to original dataset (in German): \cf2 \ul https://daten.berlin.de/datensaetze/fahrraddiebstahl-berlin\cf0 \ulnone \
Link Github Repository : https://github.com/LaurensDu/midterm_project_bike_crime_berlin\
\
Number of rows: 40695 (including headers)\
Number of features: 18\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Roadmap:\
\
Day 1 (Monday): 
\f1\b0 Cleaning and standardizing the data. Including the data for December 2022, which is still missing. Possibly doing some grouping (e.g. for bike value).\

\f0\b Day 2 (Tuesday): 
\f1\b0 Doing some EDA. Identify what visualizations we want to create. Think about ways to visualize the spatial data, and what we actually need to do this. Initial draft of the story we want to tell.
\f0\b \
Day 3 (Wednesday):
\f1\b0  Finalize the visualizations and think about the structure of the presentation.\
David : TABLEAU
\f0\b \
Day 4 (Thursday): 
\f1\b0 Getting the presentation in order. What visualizations do we want to present, what to focus on.
\f0\b \
Day 5 (Friday): 
\f1\b0 Finish up the presentation.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
}